My thing was, I didn't want to die. Um,
like my liver is fully covered, so
they've deemed me inoperable, incurable,
palliative, terminally ill. I knew I
didn't want to get
go through chemo again. It had already
spread to my liver and my lungs. So, now
I was terminal. With that news, it was
kind of shocking. Without treatment, I
think I have about a couple months to
live. The The thing that we're trying to
emphasize is that if you do metabolic
therapy the correct way,
you can not only manage the the
disorder, but you can also correct uh uh
and fix many, many other problems that
some cancer patients might have, like
diabetes, high blood pressure,
hypertension. So, you you actually get
healthier as you're degrading your
tumor. It's down now to 0.05, which is
almost nothing. So, here I am about uh
15 months, 18 months later, and I'm
doing really well. I did that for 2020.
In December 2020, I was cancer-free. I
My wife had a stage four cancer
diagnosis, uh and she used metabolic
therapies. One year later, she was
cancer-free. And I'm not saying we throw
out all chemo, because obviously you
folks have done really well with chemo.
What we're finding with fasting and part
metabolic, part chemo, what we're
finding is that uh dosages of chemo uh
can be lowered significantly and still
have powerful therapeutic efficacy. If
you want to live and you want to get
healthy, you do metabolic therapy. Now,
that doesn't mean you don't do radiation
and chemo. It would It would change the
entire system, but they will not allow
that to be done. Know anyone that's been
touched by cancer, if you're worried
about cancer, please share this video.
Please share Professor Seyfried's work.
Please share Brad's documentary,
cancerevolution.film.
For anyone that's touched by cancer,
it's a travesty. It's a tragedy. It is
criminal that this information is not
given to them just as an option, just as
an additional toolbox
of of ways to treat their cancer. Hello
and welcome to our round table
discussion on cancer as a metabolic
disease. I'm Carey, and with us today is
Professor Seyfried along with a group of
remarkable individuals, Diane, Jeff,
Ronnie, and Brad, who have personal
stories to share related to battling
cancer with various regimens.
And Brad, along with his wife, are
producing an amazing series on cancer at
cancerevolution.film.
I highly recommend it, uh and he's
worked with many individuals and experts
himself. So, my goal for today is to
deepen our understanding of cancer and
treatments guided by Professor
Seyfried's expertise and the first-hand
experiences of Diane, Jeff, Ronnie, and
Brad. So,
I'd love to start with Professor
Seyfried, and then we can meet the other
individuals and hear their stories,
followed by some round table Q&A open
discussion.
Professor Seyfried, would you please
share a bit of your background with our
audience? And could you talk about
cancer as a metabolic disease and what
that means? Thank you very much, Carey.
Um,
yeah, well, right now I'm sitting in my
office at Boston College. Uh I teach a
class on cancer metabolism, and I teach
a general biology class to the
non-majors.
Uh but I spend a lot of time um telling
them about energy metabolism.
Metabolism. It's an It's an area that is
um
not well covered in many biology
classes. I mean, it's very briefly
covered, but it but to get into the
depths, it's been
it's been kind of overlooked unless
you're unless you're a biochemistry
major in in the bio biochemistry
department. So, I I teach that, and um
we've published many, many papers on on
on um
cancer
uh targeting cancer metabolism. Um we've
been working on
trying to figure out what Warburg was
doing
uh for more than 20 years now, uh almost
a quarter of a century, um and inves-
investigating doing a very deep dive
into what he what he said, what he
found,
and the controversies and the
difficulties associated uh with trying
to interpret uh what Warburg had done.
At At first, you know, he he was
largely, in fact, correct, uh but there
were some serious
uh debilitating errors in the way he uh
was quantifying energy metabolism. And
he was attacked for that and defended
this, and and I and I think it was the
systems that folks were using. Uh oxygen
consumption as a readout for ATP
synthesis from oxidative
phosphorylation, lactic acid production
as a readout of ATP synthesis through
cytoplasmic substrate level
phosphorylation. And these now we have
known from our own research here and the
research of others
that uh these are not are not accurate
measures for ATP in cancer cells. So, uh
we've stripped it all down to a very
simple uh process defect uh in oxidative
phosphorylation, insufficiency of
oxidative phos- phosphorylation leads to
compensatory fermentation. This is what
Warburg uh said, but his readouts for
the quantification of these processes
was not accurate. Not because of his
inaccuracy, but because the system he
didn't realize at that time that oxygen
consumption was not always linked to ATP
in cancer cells. Normal cells, yes.
Cancer cells, no. Um
So, and and he knew nothing about the
substrate level phosphorylation in the
in the mitochondria, in the
TCA cycle, the glutaminolysis pathway.
So, that was always a uh uh
point of misinformation, and still is
for the large part. So, we we have been
able to streamline this whole problem.
Uh we interrogated every molecule that
tumor cells could use as fuel,
and uh we looked at every single amino
acid, a variety of sugars, and things
like this.
And uh um
uh we found that they can't they the
glutamine is the only amino acid that
can provide enough energy for them, the
nitrogen and energy, and glucose is the
only sugar uh available to the tumor
cell. There are other sugars, but
they're not available in our body.
So, once you realize um that the only
two fuels to drive the fermentation
metabolism in sufficient amounts to keep
a cell growing are glucose and
glutamine. And secondly, uh you know
that every major cancer has some
deficiency in oxidative phosphorylation,
meaning their mitochondria deficient.
There's They cannot use ketone bodies or
fatty acids. Ketone bodies and fatty
acids are non-fermentable fuels.
Um when you take away glucose and
glutamine and give these cells ketone
bodies or fatty acids, they die.
So, uh some people say, "Oh, fatty acids
can be used." Only in the presence of
glucose and glutamine. If you take away
glucose and glutamine, fatty acids can
do nothing.
So, once you've realized this, then you
have a clear path to the resolution or
long-term management of cancer, which is
the simultaneous restriction of the two
fermentable fuels, glucose and
glutamine, while the body is in a state
of uh nutritional ketosis. And it's the
dosage, timing, and scheduling of these
processes that will eventually degrade,
slowly degrade, uh and eliminate or or
the tumors or put them in a very
indolent state uh where they no longer
become uh life-threatening. So, this is
the plan. Uh we're working out the
details, of course, you know, with our
press pulse therapeutic strategy. Um but
we know the plan. Uh we know we've
interrogated these tumor cells. We know
all the tumors in the in the body are
are similar. Lung, colon, breast, brain,
they all are very similar, and they will
all respond to a very similar kind of
non-toxic strategy. It's just that this
is not known. Uh
um people don't want to know about it.
People want something a lot more
complicated and complex. It's not a
genetic disease. Uh the mutations are
there, but they're downstream effects.
They're not the drivers. They're not
causing the dysregulated growth. So, so
what's causing the dysregulated growth
of cancer is the inefficiency of
oxidative phosphorylation. People People
forget that it's the mitochondria that
controls the cell cycle.
So, when that organelle becomes
corrupted, the cell fall back falls back
on ancient fermentation pathways linked
to dysregulated growth. So, once you
once you understand evolutionary biology
and biochemistry, and you start
interrogating these cells and putting
them in very different kinds of
environments, it becomes clear what we
need to do, how to manage cancer without
toxicity. The problem is there's a lot
of firewalls. There's a lot of um
problems in trying to get that
information out. So many people that I
know that been diagnosed with cancer are
told it's a fluke or we don't know why.
Um do we know why? Like, what is What is
the cause in simple terms? Chronic
disruption of oxidative phosphorylation
happens in every major cancer. But it
can have different origins. So, um
somebody could be exposed to a high dose
of chemical carcinogen in their work
environment or in their home environment
without them knowing. And that chemical
carcinogen can gradually degrade the
ability of the
uh of the cell. A A cell in some part of
the body. It could be a breast, colon,
bladder. Uh that chronic exposure to
chemical carcinogen will elicit, over
time, a disruption of energy leading to
compensatory fermentation and
dysregulation of the growth. Um
viral infections, hepatitis C virus,
papilloma viruses. If you look at the
what the virus does, the virus enters
the cell. You get
many kinds of liver cancers from these
hepatitis viruses.
Um we saw that the that the virus
themselves will replicate in the
mitochondria or the product the virus
product from the nucleus goes to the
mitochondria and gradually disrupts the
ability of some hep- hepatocytes from
producing energy through oxidative
phosphorylation. Papilloma viruses in
your genital tracts. Um Uh so there's
the oncogenic viruses. And then we have
uh intermittent hypoxia,
uh obesity can be associated with this,
chronic inflammation. Uh you look in the
blood and you see elevated C-reactive
protein which is a marker for systemic
inflammation. Uh that will damage uh
respiration in some cell uh in the body.
So you can get a breast tumor, colon
tumor, bladder. Any of these kinds of
standard
cancers can come from any chronic
damage. And this is what's uh
Szent-Györgyi Albert Szent-Györgyi who
received the Nobel Prize for his work in
vitamin C. He called this the oncogenic
paradox that almost anything provocative
can be a link to cancer in one way or
another. Uh we were the ones that showed
that every one of these provocative
factors
uh links to cancer. The common
pathophysiological mechanism is chronic
disruption of oxidative phosphorylation.
And that also links to the rare
inherited risk factors like BRCA1,
Li-Fraumeni, neurofibromatosis. All of
these so-called uh inherited factors. We
found out that they that they code for
proteins in the electron transport
chain. They disrupt uh proteins in the
electron transport chain. So they're not
primary causes, they're secondary causes
as is a carcinogen, as is a virus, as is
inflammation, as is uh
hypoxia. All of these things and age. Uh
cancer is generally uh more common in
older folks than younger folks because
there is more time to damage or disrupt
oxidative phosphorylation by its very
nature. You live longer. However, I want
to point out for for whatever reason,
we're now beginning to see uh
kind incidents of cancer happening much
much younger earlier. I'm in my own
cuz I get hundreds and hundreds of
emails from cancer folks and I'm seeing
a lot more uh younger people in their
mid-30s and early 40s uh coming to me
with all kinds of metastatic uh
cancers, stage four cancers.
More than we've seen in the past. So
something in the environment is uh
triggering a lot of this. And now we
know that obesity has replaced uh
smoking as one of the one of the top
risk factors. So clearly uh lack of
exercise, more sedentary lifestyle, more
bombardment with poorly nutritious high
carbohydrate foods, more exposure to
chemical carcinogens. All of this all of
these together, any one of which or
combinations of which can damage
oxidative phosphorylation in a cell in a
particular tissue leading to neoplasia,
disregulated cell growth in that in that
organ. So it's it seems like chronic
inflammation it's kind of like you're
taking a hammer and you're hitting your
thumb with it over and over again for
decades and decades and then you're
going to the doctor and saying give me
some medicine to fix this, but they
don't say stop hitting it with the
hammer.
Are we ever going to cure cancer with
medications or is it going to just
continue if we keep living in ways that
perpetuate cancer and cause more of it?
There are
a large number of folks that have been
cured
uh by medications.
Um
the problem is that that many, not all,
many of these folks suffer uh other uh
debilitating
collateral damage
uh as the result of surviving
uh the these toxic medications. So yes,
we have people that, you know, are five
and 10-year survivors. Uh but but many
of them
uh sometimes have neuropsychiatric
problems, hormonal imbalances, digest-
digestive issues, bone density issues.
You have other maladies that im-
impacted on your body that uh
increase entropy, the second law of
thermodynamics which is disorder which
makes their life a little bit more
complicated and and and difficult uh as
having survived from these toxic uh
approaches. The the thing that we're
trying to emphasize is that if you do
metabolic therapy the correct way
you can not only manage the the
disorder, but you can also correct uh uh
and fix many many other problems that
some cancer patients might have like
diabetes, high blood pressure,
hypertension. So you you actually get
healthier as you're degrading your tumor
uh and and avoiding collateral damage
and risk to other parts of the of the
body. So that's one of the the beauties
of knowing about metabolic therapy. It's
scientifically accurate and is uh does
not does not produce uh uh
toxic effects. If anything, it's just
the opposite. You get healthier. Thank
you so much, Professor Seyfried. I I've
got a ton of questions, but I want to
leave time for everyone else here, too.
Um hey Brad, could we maybe start with
you, too? I know you've done a ton of
work with your uh the documentary series
you're working on. Could you maybe
introduce yourself and tell us a little
bit about what you've been working on?
Yeah, sure. I'd love to, Kerry. Um thank
you so much for having me. Um
so if you just, you know, listen to the
Dr. Seyfried who we love and who is part
of our documentary, but you're kind of
wondering what did he just say? That's
where Maggie and I decided we like we
need somebody to like tell tell people
who are cancer patients and cancer
caregivers what they can do and they
also wanted to know the science behind
it in a way that they can understand
easily, right? And so that's where
Maggie and I came in and we're like,
"Hey, we need to talk to Dr. Seyfried."
We needed to talk to in in his lab we
talked to uh Thomas Seyfried and we
talked to, you know, many other
researchers and we were like, "We need
to make this
accessible to cancer patients." So
that's what we're doing is we're making
a documentary. It's a four-part
docu-series on how the you know
Otto Warburg, on Dr. Seyfried, on how
cancer, you know, could be a metabolic
disease. And then we also talk about the
treatments that you could do that act
metabolically. So that's what that's the
that's where we're coming from.
Um oh and we got into it because my
cancer my my wife had a stage four
cancer diagnosis uh and she used
metabolic therapies. One year later she
was cancer-free. So that's kind of how
we got into this.
It's amazing.
Thank you, Brad.
Ronnie, would you mind um telling us a
little bit about your cancer story,
introducing yourself and your
background? My name is Ronnie Campbell.
I was um in 2018
I went for a routine colonoscopy. Uh my
twin sister was diagnosed with breast
cancer, so I went and got all of the
treatments.
And in 2018 they found some um cancerous
tumors.
So um a couple weeks after the
colonoscopy I went for surgery.
And during the surgery they took some
lymph nodes out, 12 and 1/2 inches of my
colon. And um to their surprise they
found a satellite tumor on my omentum
which is the netting around your organs.
So that was going to put me um
at a stage four and it was going to make
sure that I had chemo.
So when I went to meet my oncologist, he
wanted me to do another cat scan just to
make sure that all the cancer was gone.
And when I did the next cat scan a few
weeks later, it had already spread to my
liver and my lungs.
So now I was terminal.
Um so I was on palliative chemo. That
was my option um and that would give me
six months with no chemo or anything. Uh
two years, maybe three. Um with a better
quality of life if I took the chemo.
So I opted for the chemo, but I also
opted to naturopathic treatments.
So I did vitamin C IVs. I did that on my
off weeks every other day. And I also
did during my chemo I fasted and did
hyperthermia treatments with my chemo.
Um and on my other weeks when I started
to feel better, I did more exercise,
walked, and then began to ran run
and then cycle.
Um in 2019
uh 1st of November was my last chemo.
I didn't need chemo in uh 2020,
but I continued with my naturopathic
treatments, the IVs, hyperthermia like I
would have done every other week like I
would have done every other week. I did
that for 2020 into
So um that's, you know, I can and I
continue to fast. I can, you know, and I
was on uh the Mediterranean diet at the
time. Um and that's where, you know,
you're reducing your carbs, watching
what you're eating. Um so that's uh my
story and, you know, I'm doing really
well. So.
So you you fasted, you did a lot of
exercise, but
were you ever told by your doctors like
about Professor Seyfried's work or
fasting or No, I wish.
So you kind of found it on your own.
Yes, I did a lot of research and my
thing was I didn't want to die. You
know, um you get that kick in the
stomach. I mean the day before my
surgery I rode 60 km on my bike ride
thinking, "Okay, I'm going to be out for
like five or six weeks." I had no idea
that it was as bad as it was. Um so for
me it was just like, "How can this be,
you know?" And um I don't want to die.
Like there's got to be something wrong
here.
So um that's where I did as much
research as I could. And um
I followed what my naturopath, you know,
I mean I did did cupping and acupuncture
and
um
Reiki and massage. Like I I don't think
there was anything my calendar for every
month was totally busy and I just wanted
to give it my all and take and try
everything so that I could be
cancer-free. My goal was to be not doing
chemo within a year and it took me 15
months, which I'm okay with, but I just
wanted to get off chemo and I wanted him
to tell me that I was cancer-free. And
December 2020 was like the best
Christmas ever. Mhm.
That's amazing. Thank you, Ronnie. I'll
I'll come back to you. I know we have
some questions for Professor Seyfried or
Brad, but uh maybe we can go to Jeff
real quick. Jeff, could you introduce
yourself and tell us your your uh cancer
story? Yes, thank you, Carrie. Uh my
name is Jeff the Prosperous and I just
want to say hi to everybody and
uh
Dr. Seyfried,
thank you very much for being here
today. I just want to say hi
myself and my family members and my team
that have been on my journey, you're one
of our biggest uh fans. You're I've
claimed you as my doctor. Uh especially
my myself and my sons, Peter and Dante.
We've been watching you for the past
year and a half and I you know, I want
to thank you from the bottom of my heart
because
when I listen to you and even with my
sons, when we listen to you, it's it's
very calming and it's it's um
it makes us
makes me feel that uh I'm doing the
right thing and I can keep living.
So, to expand on that, Thomas Seyfried,
uh
I do you know,
I just want to say I I have uh stage
four uh colon cancer. It was diagnosed
in April of 2022.
And my colon cancer has metastasized
right from the start when I was
diagnosed. It was already metastasized
fully to the liver.
Um like my liver's fully covered, so
they've deemed me inoperable, incurable,
palliative, terminally ill. Um
so and and you know, with that news it
was kind of shocking. Without treatment,
I think I have about two couple months
to live and uh with treatment, I think
Dr. Baker even said it. I did an
interview with him last week. Uh said I
have about nine months to live with good
treatment. So, here I am about uh 15
months, 18 months later and I am doing
really well and um just to let you know
that
I've my regimen has been
uh
I keep expanding on it with the help of
uh I have a good friend named Dwight uh
who's been coaching me through this and
he's the one that introduced me to you
on YouTube. Uh yourself, uh Dr.
Seyfried, Dr. Berg, whole bunch of
doctors I've been following on YouTube
uh that helped me with this, but my
regimen has been basically
uh along with chemo, I've done I've done
31 rounds of chemo. I had a I had a
3-month break in the summertime, but I'm
back on it again.
But with chemo, I've done um fasting
uh every every other week. My chemo is
every every other Wednesday. I do a
5-day fast around that.
Uh diet, I started with ketogenic. Uh
then I I've been carnivore for over a
year now.
Um
Exercise.
So, I you know, I I I try to exercise as
much as possible.
Naturopath doctor, osteopath doctor.
Um
Try to introduce heat and cold therapy.
Uh whole bunch of supplements as well.
So, I have about seven or eight
uh
items that are part of my regime and in
terms of I just want to expand a little
bit. I think Carrie asked Ronnie about
if if you know, if the my oncologist has
ever
heard of
the work uh of Professor Seyfried. Um
I've been starting to talk to my
doctors, my my oncologist, my
naturopath, my osteopath about
my doctors that I've been following on
YouTube and uh my oncologist has never
heard of uh Professor Seyfried. Um
I was a little bit shocked there, but my
naturopath and my osteopath doctors are
big fans of Thomas Seyfried. I just want
to say that. They've been following your
works
uh Seyfried along with uh one other I
think Walter Longo is another one uh
from Italy that they follow quite a bit
and I've been following him as well. So,
uh sorry if I was a little bit long
there, but I just
hope that that was good, Carrie.
No, that was great. Thanks, Jeff. I know
you got some questions, too, but maybe
first uh Diane, could you tell us a
little bit about yourself and your
story?
Uh first of all, I'm very humbled to be
in this circle of people here.
Um my story isn't nearly as harrowing as
Ronnie's or Jeff's, but um in 2021, I
was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
Um and it was a stage 2B.
And uh so, we
um went in for surgery and I had chemo
for uh six rounds and
uh so, my last
chemo treatment was January of 2022 and
uh for I guess a year, it you know, the
numbers were okay. We were monitoring.
Um there was no
change to my diet or anything then. I
was just hoping that I could keep stuff
down at that point.
And um
then in I think what was it? Um
This past March, I had um started
noticing that my numbers were getting
bigger again. My CA 125,
the cancer marker, was increasing and
um
uh my doctor started introducing this
new test called Signatera.
I'm not sure if anyone else is familiar
with it, but it tracks blood uh it
tracks the uh cancer cells in your
bloodstream and
um
so, they noticed that it was starting to
increase
and I did go in for chemo on um
it was in Mar- no, May.
And
um
then it went back down to zero and uh
the Signatera was showing zero cancer
cells and so, stopped that and um was
just monitoring.
Then it starts slowly increasing again
and the numbers are getting bigger and
bigger and um
I knew I didn't want to get
go through chemo again because the one
chemo treatment that I
did this past was in May or something
and um
it was just horrendous and um I
was like, okay, no no, I
I need to find something else and um my
parents introduced me to the carnivore
diet and I
uh changed my doctor who was really
pushing me on chemo. So, I changed my
doctor, changed my diet and now my
numbers are going down
significantly and I have actual numbers.
Um
the
two Signatera treatment tests ago, it
was um
0.6.
It's down now to 0.05, which is almost
nothing. So.
Very good. And that was all that was
with a uh two weeks of not being on my
uh current medication, my Lynparza. So.
It's all very encouraging.
That's great. Thank you, Diane.
So, I I figured now we could just open
this up to questions and discussions.
Maybe I'll I'll start with one question.
Uh Professor Seyfried, one thing I've
been hearing talking to more and more
folks with cancers, it just seems like
everything is so backwards. Uh like my
friend Jeff here was telling me he goes
in for chemo and they come along with
cookies and and sugar. It just it seems
like everything is so backwards. Like
how are we going to fix this and change
things? You know, well, that's a really
important question, Carrie. I
um
I unfortunately so many of our
oncologists
um have never have never had the
appropriate training to understand or
know about the biology
of the disease they're working on.
Um
They they don't view diet uh changes as
important. Mainly because it's kind of
ambiguous about what one person may
think is effective and what somebody
else may think is effective and I think
that might be from what we've just heard
here.
Um people have used different diets, yet
the outcome has been favorable
uh under a variety of different diets.
So,
most of these what we've heard are uh
diets that uh lower blood sugar
um in some way uh exercise and a variety
of other various therapies
uh that um will uh reduce stress
massage and acupuncture and all this
kind of thing uh which lower blood sugar
naturally. Uh emotional distress
elevates sugar, so you have variety of
of these kinds of approaches.
The field has become
the oncology field has become so
tranquilized
by drugs and radiation
and their training is in that zone.
And and I think the biggest uh there's
not one biggest, there's so many that
come together. The the idea that cancer
is a genetic disease sponsored by the
National Cancer Cancer Institute.
Um
Nothing nothing could be further from
the truth
than because I and many others have done
very, very deep dives on this.
There's mutations in cancer for sure,
but they're not the drivers. So, when
you look at where all the energy
and treatments and drugs that are being
developed
uh they're all uh in some way or another
linked to the idea that cancer is a
genetic disease.
So, the pharmaceutical industry comes
out with various new drugs that make
people think they have something better
than they had before.
Um only to realize that the death rate
continues to rise.
Um so, we we see this and then they say,
"Well, we'd like to get rid of toxic
chemo and radiation if we had a drug
that could replace those toxic things."
But, they keep the toxic things in place
because the new drugs that are coming
out are not working.
Uh and they're extremely expensive. Uh
putting putting many of the cancer folks
not only in in physical toxicity, but
also in financial toxicity, which has a
very devastating effect on families.
Um so, we're perpetuating So, the field
is waiting for something to come along
so we can get rid of chemo and radiation
or at least or at least reduce it down
significantly, perhaps as a as a uh
add-on of some but uh diet and an
understanding that the the tumor cells
can't grow without without the fuels
that there it's a metabolic problem, not
a genetic problem.
And I think that's not the training in
medical schools. The medical schools and
the and the academic industry is trained
to realize that cancer is a genetic
disease. So, the 100 billion-dollar
cancer genome atlas that was created
over the last 25 years it's an
escalating situation. The federal
government has put in billions and
billions of dollars to build to build a
platform to attack cancer as a genetic
disease and it's not working.
And and that that the embarrassment of
saying that, you know, we have been
wrong. Uh the population now would be
very, very disillusioned uh about where
all our tax dollars have gone into this
platform when it really wasn't even uh
related to what the nature of the
disease is. This is a very devastating
and embarrassing situation. And then to
turn around and say we have metabolic
therapies that really
uh
will not be able to immediately come in
and replace the incredible revenue
generation from the chemicals and the
new immunotherapies. So, you have this
financial
revenue generation problem. You have the
misinformation that cancer is a genetic
disease when it's not. Uh you have a
variety of things to pay All the
physicians oncologists are trained to to
treat you without killing you. Um they
never heard that glucose many of them
never heard that uh cancer cells thrive
on glucose and glutamine. Uh they never
They don't know who Warburg was. They
don't know uh So, you have these massive
gaps in knowledge.
Uh and you have procedure and the system
itself
um is very inflexible. Uh the standard
of care should be used as the best
treatment option based on the on the
knowledge that's available at that time.
We have knowledge now that says the
standard of care is not effective
because it's based on a a
misunderstanding of what the biology of
the of the disorder is.
So, why is there no flexibility in the
system? Well, then you have to say,
"Well, who can Who is What is this
system?" And if
well-meaning oncologists would say,
"Yes, cancer is a metabolic disease, but
unfortunately, I cannot practice
medicine and treat cancer patients with
metabolic therapy because I'll lose my
license." So, you have that inhibition.
So, when you put all this together, you
have a a locked-in status quo where
people want something different, but the
system doesn't budge. So, that's why I
think it has to come from folks like
like like Jeff and Ronnie and Diane and
these more and more of these kinds uh
coming out and saying, "You know, I was
terminal." Well, why are you still alive
if you're terminal? You know, how long
are you going to be terminal? At some
point, we're all terminal. Um but but uh
you know, if you're bypassing your your
death time, like who is somebody to say,
"Well, you know, you've got 9 months to
live."
You know, who is this person to say
something like that? Yeah,
you know, I'm looking at all these these
things in Pablo Kelly who had a
glioblastoma in 2014. Oh, he's terminal
in 9 months if he doesn't do Well, he's
9 years now survival. At what point is
Pablo terminal? Um he's alive 9 years
and he still has the cancer. It's just
that it's indolent and every 3 years he
has a debulking surgery and he's pretty
much on a carnivore kind of existence.
So, what's wrong with this? Why is there
some resistance to improve quality of
life? We we're not make saying we're
cured. Everybody feels that you you you
have to cure cancer. The issue here is
how about living far longer than what
would ever be expected? What's wrong
with that?
Um you know, I mean, we're all I mean,
who knows? You can walk out in the
street and get run over. The the issue
here is that if people were told that
they have a terminal disease and they
seem to live year in and year out, what
the hell is the term terminal mean?
Um you know, so I think we need to
reevaluate this. And I am I am
absolutely convinced that metabolic
therapy is not that complicated once
people We're writing a treatment
protocol right now that cover a lot of
what we've just heard from from you
folks. But, we're we're we're
instituting it with flexibility for the
individual,
what they're capable of doing. It's a
both a diet drug combination. We're not
not using drugs. We use drugs that
specifically target glutamine. We're not
using that have very specific effects,
not these off-target effects. So, once
we have this there, any any physician
with a with a with a license to practice
better. You don't need to be an
oncologist. All you need to know is how
to implement metabolic therapy, which
which is based on the practice of
medicine itself because each individual
might be a little bit different from
another individual. Some might do better
on a Mediterranean than a carnivore
diet. Someone may be better on a
pescetarian or a vegetarian diet. You
use the glucose ketone index to give you
a quantitative assessment and then from
there you can mix mix and match the
various other kinds of modalities that
an individual would have until they feel
really comfortable and just like we saw
the biomarkers, "Oh, it's really down to
near zero where I can't see the cancer
again anymore. It's all the Those are
the kinds of positive responses that we
would get from majority of people that
would transition to to metabolic
therapy. And I'm not saying we throw out
all chemo because obviously you folks
have done really well with chemo. What
we're finding with fasting and part
metabolic part chemo, what we're finding
is that dosages of chemo uh can be
lowered significantly and still have
powerful therapeutic efficacy. So, you
can actually maintain some of these
things, but the but we found that when
when our preclinical system was in
ketosis, we were able to deliver three
times more drug on target making these
drugs so much more therapeutically
effective at lower dosages. Therefore,
bypassing a lot of the toxic effects
that people would like like Diane said,
"This should never happen." You should
never have to be brutalized by a
poisonous chemical. Not So, you can use
those chemicals at much lower dosages,
still maintain therapeutic efficacy and
avoid the the toxic secondary effects.
So, all of this is part of metabolic
therapy. It's the new form of treatment
of cancer. And just people need to be
trained and it's and it's a lot of trial
and error on individuals as well. I
mean, we have a chance. I mean, how do
you feel today? I feel really, really
good. Well, we're going to try this. No,
I didn't feel it. Okay, back off that.
It's a
You can you can work it for each
individual until that individual all
they all comes out with the same thing.
The tumor is not there. My
biomarkers are down. I'm doing I feel
pretty good. A lot of folks say, "I
never felt better in my life since I had
cancer." When you do metabolic therapy,
you get rid of your diabetes, you get
rid of your high blood pressure,
hypertension. You get rid of all that
other stuff. So, so there's a lot of
benefits to this, but how long will it
take the system to realize this? I don't
know. Seems like it's going to be a
grassroots individuals kind of
get getting it out there before the
system will ever change. Jeff, I saw you
kind of shaking your head there. I know
you have some questions for Professor
Seefried, but you've had some pretty
good success
uh metabolically speaking. You want to
speak a little bit to that?
Yes, uh thanks, Kerry. The first one
uh
Dr. Seefried is you speak of uh
your one medicine
uh when it comes to your pressure pulse
being DONs.
Is this something
that could be available to to myself? Um
yeah, well, I this is a very important
point. I I have no clue why this drug is
not widely available to all cancer
patients.
Um we make all these other incredibly
expensive and toxic drugs available to
everybody. But, here's a drug and and
and the argument was when they used it
on little children years ago for
leukemia and a variety of other cancers,
the little kids did did pretty well on
DON. Um
they had some sort of leukemia. The
older folks
um
some of them Yeah, it was toxic to some
to some guys. And they said, "Oh, we
can't use it because it's it's toxic."
Well,
uh number one, they weren't targeting
glucose at the same time. It's like a
barn. To get the horse in the barn, you
have to make sure both the front back
door are closed, otherwise he runs out.
So, if you don't target glucose, the DON
is not going to be as as effective. So,
um and you much use much, much lower
dosages for sure than than what was used
on those original phase one and phase
two clinical trials that they used. So,
they just simply canned the drug. And it
was an um And the other thing that was
about DON was 60 I It's a glutamine
analog. It looks just like glutamine.
The cell uses it as a glutamine. And the
And it ta- It's taken up and it blocks
the enzymes to metabolize glutamine
in the pathway of glutaminolysis, which
this tumor cells need nitrogen and
energy, and that glutamine provides
that, and DON blocks that. DON
is a dirty drug. And dirty drugs are
drugs that can hit multiple pathway
simultaneously. So, you can't patent the
darn thing. So, um So, what folks have
done is they've taken the molecule like
DRP-104,
and there's a few of these other uh
derivatives of DON. They put little
tails on them, like a four-carbon tail,
and then all of a sudden now that
becomes patentable. And many, many
pharmaceutical companies are out there
trying to uh tweak and manage. But the
bottom line is that all those little
tails and things are eventually cleaved
off, and the drug that does the
therapeutic job is the DON itself. So,
why is this not available to the public?
I I have no idea. We have clearly shown
how we can use this drug, especially
with metabolic therapy, um and when
you're in low glucose and elevated
ketones and you use DON, it's not that
toxic. It's not It's Yeah, it's toxic if
you use a whole buttload of it in the
absence of of the way they used it in
the past. Anything can be toxic if not
used in the correct dosage timing and
scheduling. So, why is there no outcry
on the part of the population for a
cancer drug? It's because pro- It might
be because who's going to make a profit
on this? And the other thing we what
what what we see is um
You remember Martin Shkreli, the most
hated man in America? He was went to
Congress, and he just
degraded the people, said horrible
things to the congressman, and he
started selling selling EpiPens or some
other things, seven elevated the price
700%.
Um this is called Shkreli-ing the drug.
A A very cheap drug uh just done because
they could do it. You can make a huge
profit on something that And this is
what I've see happen in the in the
industry. We Lomustine was a very cheap
drug. Someone found out that it had some
effect on tumor. It was like $2 a
tablet. As soon as the field found out
that that it it had effect on cancer, it
became $700 a tablet. Um this kind of
behavior is immoral. I don't care what
anybody says. This is immoral behavior,
and any company, person that would do
something like that has is morally
challenged, and the folks in this
society need to know that.
There's no defense. I don't care what it
is. There's no defense for immorality
when it comes to this kind of stuff.
There are drugs available, and these
drugs could be very effective when used
in the appropriate way. The problem is
they're not available. Why is this? Why
is this there Why are they not
available? And you say, "Oh, it's too
toxic." What, relative radiation and
cisplatin and these other kinds of
drugs? Give me a break. So, so we can do
this if the people And then we have The
problem is we have all these cancer
societies.
Breast cancer, colon cancer, lung
cancer.
These are These societies need to unite.
Cancer is a singular disorder of energy
metabolism.
Lung, breast, colon, they're all They
all have the same fundamental problem.
They need to ferment. So, why don't the
societies unite? And where are we doing
with all the money that they're raising?
Why doesn't this go to get these drugs
on the market? You know, they keep
running and jumping and swimming and
raising all this money. Oh, we feel so
good. Well, where is it going? The more
money we raise, you get more breast
cancer, colon cancer. I mean, we have
almost 1,700 people a day dying from
cancer. I mean, it's not getting better,
it's getting worse. And there's no
accountability with the money, either
spent by the federal government or by
these private foundations that raise
funds. So, so this is the system itself.
There's so many different things that
need to be changed before we can see
real progress.
Thank you
Dr. Seyfried. I just uh
you know, I think I'm going to look into
DON's a little more, maybe with you uh
at a later date. Um
You've answered some of my other
questions kind of the uh kind of in your
in your answer, but
I was going to ask you, especially with
glutamine, cuz I I have a I've taken
control of my glucose through my diet
and my fasting and my exercise for sure.
But when it comes to glutamine,
in terms of how I can naturally suppress
glutamine, because especially because
glutamine is amino acid
found in pretty much all foods, and in
red meat especially, I'm going to
contradict what I'm doing here as as a
carnivore, um
it's very It's It's very high. And
glutamine has benefits in terms of being
an anti-inflammatory
amino acid, but at the same time I'm
trying to suppress it. So, you know, I
you know, I do uh try I take an EGCG
pill.
Uh I try to drink I you know, I try to
drink as much matcha and green tea as
possible. But my my question to you is,
how can I naturally suppress glutamine
on what I'm doing in my regimen right
now? Yeah, well, this is the question
that every so many people ask, you know.
Um there's no food There's no diet that
will suppress glutamine. I mean, EGCG is
a
very minor thing. Uh glutamine is the
most abundant amino acid in the in the
blood. It's the most abundant amino acid
in our body. You have to realize that
this amino acid
is necessary uh
uh
for driving the growth of a tumor cell,
but it's also a necessary
for the health of our gut, our
microbiome,
our immune system. Now, here's the
situation.
The metastatic cancer cell, and we have
published papers showing this, all
metastatic cancer cells are derived from
the immune system. Uh they fuse They
They fuse with stem cells, and they fuse
with themselves, and they become
corrupted metabolically. So, the same
cell in our body, the immune cell, needs
glutamine as does the neoplastic
metastatic cell, which comes from the
macrophage, which is another immune
cell. So, so um So, taking glutamine
helps your normal cells, but then forces
the tumor cell uh to survive.
Um So, how do we That's why we developed
the pulse strategy. So, we shut We can
press glucose down, which slows down the
tumor, but we can't press glutamine
targeting with DON, because then you
your immune system from coming
into the system and picking up the dead
corpses that the tumor cells that you
just killed. You've got to have an
active immune system to come in and pick
up the dead cancer cells, otherwise you
get a inflammation, and you can get
other uh problems from leaving dead
bodies hanging around in your body in
some tissue. So, that's why we press
glucose. You can push glucose down
really, really well. Hyperthermia, all
the things you guys have been using is
great. But then you need glutamine
targeting drugs that actually work, like
DON is only one, and some of the newer
ones that are coming out. Um But you
pulse them. You don't treat them too too
aggressively, because you're going to
damage your immune system, damage your
gut, make yourself unhealthy. So, that's
why we press glucose, and we use drugs
uh only for short periods of time at
lower dosages, pull it off, let the
immune system recover, pick up the dead
corpses. Yeah, you're going to few tumor
cells might hang on, but it's a graded
process. You don't go in and try to get
rid of all your cancer cells all at
once. You degrade them slowly, and that
you need diets and drugs for that. So,
it's Metabolic therapy is a diet-drug
combination cocktail. And it's based on
targeting the glucose and glutamine
simultaneously. Now, as far as Is there
anything you can do without using a drug
to lower glutamine? And the late uh
George Cahill of the Joslin Diabetes
Center, who I used to speak to at on at
length about all these kinds of things,
he has a paper published that when you
water only fast for at least 14 days, 14
to 30 days, you start to see blood
glutamine going down. So, not only are
you lowering blood sugar, but you're
also lowering glutamine. So, water only
fasting will definitely do that. And
then you just sprinkle a little a little
DON or albendazole, one of these
parasite medications, will do this also.
So, we're building cocktails, uh
drug-diet cocktails, that will be
designed to do this. But there's no
food, like eating meat and There's no
food that will restrict your
availability. So, you need You need to
know how to use drugs, and this is why
it's absolutely essential that uh the
the metabolic therapy is a diet-drug
combo. It's a cocktail, and knowing how
to use these things, and this is the
training, and this is the new frontier.
This is the new standard of care. How do
we use diet-drug combination cocktails
to slowly degrade your tumor without
harming your immune system or gut while
you're doing this?
You You again, you answered my last
question cuz I was going to ask you
about fasting, and you answered that.
So, thank you. Um I just
you know, I might I do a five-day fast
around my chemo, and I kind of what Dr.
Walter Longo I came about his work later
on, and he actually says two days before
chemo, two days after, which is good.
But
you know, I'm learning something here
about the 14- to 21-day fast, and you
know,
I've been I've been humming and hawing
about it. I I was going to try to do it
in the summertime, uh but I think I'm
you know, sooner or later I'm going to
do a a good 14-day fast coming up to see
if I can suppress that glutamine a lot.
But my last question, sorry guys, I just
want to ask this quickly. Um
Can I pressure pulse
treat metabolically treat
my cancer
uh with chemo. I asked my oncologist
this in terms of cuz I go to I go to,
uh, chemo every other week. I kind of
like twice a month. So, I kind of want I
asked them, I'm like, "Can I do like
one chemo a month and then 3 weeks where
I'm metabolically attacking it? Am I Do
you Do you think that's kind of similar
to using the Dons with the 3 weeks or or
or no? It's not really worth it. No, no.
I I think it could be could be
effective. I mean, the paper we
published on the on the woman with, uh,
terminal, again, like you guys, terminal
cancer, who do who are not terminal,
right?
Um, that woman was given 1 month to
live, uh, from Ohio.
Uh, she went to our my my colleague's
clinic in Istanbul, Turkey. Um, and she
was in such bad shape. I mean, they had
given her up completely uh, at the
oncology center in in Ohio and she flew
to, uh, Istanbul. And she was in the
emergency room for 2 weeks. I mean, she
was so sick from the chemo and
everything else.
And, uh, so they gradually pulled her
off everything. Uh, re- re- she slowly
got got out of the emergency room. They
built her immune system back up and
and they and they used, uh, lower very
low dose of chemo while while, uh, under
hyperthermia and these kinds of things
as well.
Um,
and uh, you they have the paper if it's
open access. It's the in the journal
Cureus and you can see she was lit up
like a Christmas tree with PET scan for
cancer. It went from her breast to her
bones to her brain to her liver and
everywhere. She was just full of full of
cancer. And within, uh, um, I think it
was 6 or 8 months, I mean, the the the
the scan was clean.
And, um, and then she stayed on that
for another year and then we we have
pictures of her with her husband in
Hawaii, uh,
celebrating her her her her new life.
And ag- again, uh, they were using, uh,
metabolically a uh, supported
chemotherapy
uh,
in that in that strategy. And the the
interesting thing about hyperthermia and
they use that as well.
Um,
uh, we know we know that, uh, cancer
cells are weak. Uh,
they they are very uh, inflexible in how
they deal with physiological stress.
Uh, they're not like the normal cells in
our body which evolved over millions of
years to be stressed in all kinds of
ways and still survive. Cancer cells are
very susceptible to death by by by heat
stress, energy stress, and all these
kinds of stresses.
Um, you must also recognize that the new
thing in cancer today is immunotherapy,
PD-L1 inhibitor. You hear them advertise
CAR T immunotherapy. The interesting
thing about these therapies is they work
best if the patient develops an
extremely high fever.
Uh, so, uh,
the the these immunotherapies don't work
nearly as well unless the patient
develops a high fever.
So, you pay, you know, $250,000
to get a fever uh, and that fever is
going to, uh, kill your tumor cells.
This goes back to what William Coley did
in the early part of the 19- early
1900s. He would give live staff and
strep bacteria to cancer patients that
would develop extremely high fevers and
he had a cure rate of about 80%. Um,
just because the the the tumor cells
can't handle the hyperthermia. And you
throw a little chemo in the side and you
throw a little put a metabolic stress,
lower the glucose and these tumor cells
just up and die. So, and you do it in a
kind of a natural way. The the whole
thing is how many different the new
theory the new excitement is going to be
how many different ways can I kill my
tumor cells without causing toxicity to
my body? And that's going to be a really
exciting future.
No, that thanks a lot, uh,
Dr. Seyfried. And sorry, guys, I had a
few questions there.
No, no problem. Yeah, so
open floor. We got a couple minutes
left. Ronnie, Diane, Brad, if anyone has
any questions or discussion points, feel
free to jump in. I'm just surprised
that, um,
other oncologists
don't have the information you do. Like,
I mean, that would be so helpful. You
know, um,
to have that information. Or or maybe
they do, they just don't I I don't like
I'm just dumbfounded. You know, I listen
to your uh, watch on YouTube and I'm
just like, "Why Why doesn't anybody,
you know,
do what he's saying?"
Yeah.
The system's just not set up that way.
An oncologist, unfortunately, they're a
lot of them work within a medical system
where they have to go by their
flowchart. They have to go with the
whatever the approved standard of care
is.
And what we kind of are seeing as the
sort of knee-jerk reaction to fasting
and ketogenic diets is, "Well, there's
no double-blind clinical trial that
proves that that's effective." Right?
Well, we're in this giant Catch-22,
right? Where all the drugs that are out
there went through multi- hundreds of
millions of dollars of, you know,
testing clinical trials to get to the
point where they're at.
It's pretty obvious to know that, "Well,
no one's going to fund a clinical trial
on fasting,
uh, just to, you know, $100 million
just No one There's no back ends, right?
No one's going to make money off of
that." So, it it there is some good
news. There are a couple trials out
there. Uh, the one that I'm aware of is,
uh, Jethro Hu at, uh, Cedars-Sinai has a
a glioblastoma trial, um, on keto. And,
uh, but that he did get some government
funding, but a giant chunk of his trial
was privately funded. Um, but yeah, it's
kind of interesting cuz like there's
this knee-jerk reaction like, "Oh, it's
not it's not clinically proven, right?"
Well, you know what else isn't
clinically proven? That that smoking
causes cancer. There's never been a
double-blind clinical trial to prove
that smoking causes cancer, right? So,
you know, it's convenient to use it at
times, but if you really look at it, um,
it's it's interesting. So, yeah, and
that's what, uh, both Seyfried and Carey
alluded to is like we just got to do
this grassroots, right? That's what's
going to happen. That's That's kind of
what happened with smoking, right? It's
like you just enough people do this,
there becomes a giant mountain of
evidence that you just can't, you know,
sweep it under the rug anymore.
Yeah, well, let me say something, Brad.
Um,
having worked in the epilepsy field for
many decades as well, uh, when Jim
Abrams, uh,
uh, brought the world's attention to
ketogenic diets to save the life of his
son, Charlie, they started the Charlie
Foundation.
And the and the major medical schools,
uh, would always use that and say,
"Well, there's never been a double-blind
crossover for ketogenic diet to show
that it really works in in children with
epilepsy." So, the group Helen Cross and
the group from Johns Hopkins, Helen
Cross in England and Johns Hopkins put
together with Beth, um,
uh, Zubek Kenyan and a variety of other
folks, they put in a really powerful
clinical, uh, trial uh, and showed
without any a question of a doubt that
the ketogenic diet met- metabolic
therapy for epilepsy was very powerful
in reducing a whole range of different
different things. So, even with that
article published, when parents take
their child who have who might have a
seizure, they get drugs before they get
the the the the So, there's a there's a
tremendous resistance on the part of the
industry to, uh, push pharmacy before
more natural approaches. Um, so that's
always going to be and especially for
cancer. But cancer, when you have a
child with epilepsy, the probability of
death from seizure is is quite rare.
Uh, but with cancer, you're dealing with
a much more, uh, life-threatening kind
of
uh, issue. And I think you're right, it
has to I think the grassroots is going
to be the primary uh, approach for this.
When these so-called flukes, like you're
collecting all for your movie, all these
so-called flukes,
uh, people that, "Oh, I don't know. I
mean, he's alive." Well, you folks are
like flukes. All right, how many flukes
do we need before we start to say, "Hey,
there's something going" Cuz people want
Exactly. They want to live.
If you want to live and you want to get
healthy, you do metabolic therapy. Now,
that doesn't mean you don't do radiation
and chemo. But the issue here with
Jethro's, uh,
trial, and I've spoken to many uh,
IRBs, institutional review boards, you
must do radiation and chemo first. When
that fails, then you can do keto. If you
Sometimes they'll do, uh, standard of
care with metabolic therapy. With
metabolic but never ever metabolic
therapy in the absence of some toxic
radiation or chemo. And if that group
did better than the other groups, it
would it would change the entire system.
But they will not allow that to be done.
Yeah. In fact, his trial is just, you
know, people doing chemo chemo and
radiation with
ketogenic diet and people doing chemo
and radiation without. That's the what
the trial is, right? Is is there a
better outcome with it? Yeah, there is a
better outcome There is a better outcome
with it. But there be a spectacular
outcome.
And as I said this over and over again,
we published many papers showing that
the radiation of the human brain frees
up massive amounts of glucose and
glutamine, which can explain why the
demise of all these folks rarely make 5
years. It's very clear. Um, but yet it's
continuing to be done. And as much as I
keep saying this and presenting the
evidence over and over again,
it doesn't have any impact.
Uh, there's no movement and there's no
radiation oncologist that says, "Maybe I
shouldn't be doing this." Um, it's just
it doesn't change. Uh, and and the poor
folks, they should know that. People
with brain cancer should know as soon as
your brain is irradiated, the
probability of long-term survival is
significantly reduced, even with keto.
Now, I'm saying, uh, you could do much
better with that. Pablo never had any
radiation, chemo, or any of that stuff.
And we're starting to see some other
folks that are avoiding that. I'm not
saying you shouldn't use sometimes
temozolomide, which is the standard
chemo.
Lower doses can be effective under
metabolic therapy. So, we don't want to
throw out everything. But certainly for
the brain, radiation should not never be
done. I don't care what anybody says.
You should never irradiate a person's
brain who has brain tumor. It just makes
it worse. My wife actually has a
radiation necrosis from that exact same
thing because we didn't find you until
after she'd already had a round of
radiation.
Yeah.
Well,
we're at the we're at the end of the
hour here. I just want to say a huge
thank you to Professor Seyfried and and
everyone, Ronnie, Jeff, Diane, Brad for
joining us and sharing this. It's uh
man, it's just such a shame. I just wish
that
as soon as someone's diagnosed with
cancer, they should just have this as an
option. We're not saying you have to do
this, but knowing that it's an option,
it's such a shame that people are
diagnosed with cancer and they they
never learn about this. Sadly for some
until it's too late. So, I'm going to do
everything I can to spread the word and
and huge shout-out again to Brad's
documentary,
Cancer Evolution, uh
cancerevolution.film. I'll have a link
in the description below for that. I did
a whole video about it cuz I it was just
fantastic. I learned so much from
watching it. And uh huge shout-out too
to Professor Seyfried. Professor
Seyfried, I'll have a lot of your links
in the description below for your
website, Twitter, uh your book. Is there
anything else uh where people can find
you you want to mention?
Well, I mean, I again, um all the
support for our research comes from
private foundations. And Travis
Christofferson's foundation is a major
supporter of our work. As long as we
continue to have the funds, we're
working on pediatric uh brain cancer
now, high-grade pediatric glioma, which
is the number one killer of little kids.
Um and we have a paper that we just put
out uh and we're polishing it up for a
major journal right now. Uh for
high-grade glioma using diet drug
cocktails uh to do that. And and we
think we can definitely make a huge
impact on keeping these kids alive uh
without toxicity. I'm absolutely
convinced we can do this. So, these
papers have to come out. People have to
see the strategy and what we're doing.
And um
and and things will move forward. But as
long as we have philanthropy and private
foundations, uh we can we can keep
going.
Um because I I don't rely too much on
the federal government anymore. Uh
it's kind of a
a lot of work and it's a lot of hassle
and two or three guys make a decision as
to whether or not you should get
funding. Uh so, philanth- people who are
who who have family members that that
are need help that they they seem to be
far more interested in what we're doing
uh
than people that sit on study sections
and things like this.
So, um yeah, I think in the future
everybody will be getting grants for
metabolic therapy once it becomes well
established. But we've got to establish
it with folks that live.
We need and I need and I write up case
reports. So, uh I keep writing. And the
dogs, too. It's unbelievable. It worked
on an animals. Um but uh people like we
got to try to write up a couple more
folks that have these so-called stage
four prostate cancers and different
kinds of cancers. And the more of these
kinds of like you guys are great, um but
we don't have a case report in the
literature documenting everything you've
done.
Your blood sugar levels over like we did
for Pablo. You want to see the way it's
done correctly, you look at the way we
wrote up Pablo Kelly. We had five years
of accurate blood glucose ketone meter
uh
markings. We had MRI cat scans on his
brain. We had how he felt. So, we put in
everything we could possibly put in
there so others can follow this. Uh the
guy from Israel uh from Egypt, um
that young man, he had he had a
glioblastoma. He was doing really well,
but they insisted on irradiating his
brain.
And uh we said no, but they did it
anyway. And eventually he died. And when
they did the autopsy, he he had a
radiation necrosis. The brain was
liquefied by the radiation. It wasn't
the tumor cells that killed him. So,
again, I I I've seen so much of this
happening. Um but I I think we can keep
people alive in a much higher state
doing metabolic therapy. And that
doesn't eliminate all parts of standard
of care, but it certainly modifies it in
such a way that we can have many more
Jeffs, Dianes, Ronnies, uh armies of you
guys out there. So, uh but you got to
also be vocal about it. Um I I think
Jeff, you're doing the right thing. I
think all you guys are doing the right
thing. And the doctors need to be aware
of this. And you can tell them you can
see how they respond. Right after
answering, "How is your therapy going to
target my glucose and glutamine?" And if
they say, "Listen, we have the best
method to do that." Then you want to
listen to these guys. They might know
what they're talking about. But if it
looks like a deer in the headlight, then
you automatically know that you might
not be talking to the the right person
dealing with your very existence and
soul, you know? So,
so again, it's an educational mission.
Scientific literacy is important. Just
knowing this this information You're
you're right. Um but I I think Carrie,
this is the way to do it, slowly but
surely. Brad, this movie is going to
have a major impact. So, all of these
things are are going to be out and
eventually you're going to see a
turning. There's going to be a turning.
Absolutely. Yeah, I look forward to that
day.
Uh thank you all so much. I I urge you
all to support Professor Seyfried and
and Brad's uh documentary. And then as
well, Jeff has his own YouTube channel.
He's bravely sharing his story there. So
does Diane.
Ronnie has a book she wrote. So, I'll
have links for everything down there,
but please uh please share and get the
word out, especially if you know someone
touched by cancer. I think everyone
needs to have this information. It's
it's life-changing for sure. So,
thank you all so much. I really
appreciate it.
Thank you very much. Thank you very
much.
Take it easy now.